Update syntax for docusaurus (#11)
Topl/Knowledge-Base: docs/Developer/BaaS Portal Onboarding/creating-an-organization-1.md

![mailing address](https://files.readme.io/064bd51-mailing_address_2.gif)

:::warning

Please note that the real-world address has no correlation to the address that is used to make transactions on the Topl Blockchain.

:::

## Choose a subscription option

The next step will be to choose a subscription option out of the following three options depending on your organization's needs and capability for growth.

* Startup
  * For small-scale initiatives and startups with a high growth potential
* Professional
  * Mid-market challengers and clients with existing platforms
* Enterprise
  * Market leaders and enterprise clients with existing platforms

### Billing Information

* Our billing is handled by Stripe, so an admin that chooses one of our paid options should go to Stripe to enter the payment information

## Polys

* Polys are the cryptocurrency that is used to pay for transactions on the Topl Blockchain network.
* Each transaction on the Topl Blockchain takes a certain number of nanopolys (10^-9 polys) in order to make a transaction.
* Please reach out to Chris Georgen at <c.georgen@topl.me> for special deals on polys.

> * Please look at the tutorial for [Adding Polys](doc:adding-polys)  for more detailed instructions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Please look at the tutorial for [Adding Polys](doc:adding-polys) for more detailed instructions
```

:::info

You may see language referring to "Transaction Credits". Note that this is a synonym for polys and that we are working to deprecate this term.

:::

:::info

> Why do transaction fees exist? Forgers on the Topl Network stake arbits to validate transactions. These transactions are bundled in blocks by forgers and get appended to the Blockchain\n- Once a transaction is part of a block on the Topl Blockchain it is considered confirmed, and the more blocks that are forged on top of the block that contains the transaction, the lower the likelihood of the transaction being modified. In return for their service, forgers receive a block reward for each block as well as the sum of all transaction fees users attached to their transactions. The transaction fee is currently configured at 1 poly, but once decentralization commences, the transaction fee will be based on the market value of a transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Why do transaction fees exist? Forgers on the Topl Network stake arbits to validate transactions. These transactions are bundled into blocks by forgers and appended to the Blockchain\n- Once a transaction becomes part of a block on the Topl Blockchain, it is considered confirmed. Moreover, the more blocks that are forged on top of the block containing the transaction, the less likely the transaction is to be modified. In return for their service, forgers receive a block reward for each block and the total sum of transaction fees attached by users. Currently, the transaction fee is set at 1 poly, but once decentralization begins, the transaction fee will be based on the market value of each transaction.
```
